Update style_settings.md (#9984)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/message_building_by_channel/in-app_messages/drag_and_drop/style_settings.md

> The styles in this section are used everywhere in your message except where you override it for a specific block. If your message has [multiple pages]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/message_building_by_channel/in-app_messages/drag_and_drop/create#multi-page), you can also override the message-level styles for individual pages, except for display type and max width.
> 
> If both page level and message level styles are attempted to be applied, the page level style will override the message level styling options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The styles in this section are used everywhere in your message except where you override it for a specific block. If your message has [multiple pages]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/message_building_by_channel/in-app_messages/drag_and_drop/create#multi-page), you can also override the message-level styles for individual pages, except for display type and max width. If you try to apply both page-level and message-level styles, the page-level style will override the message-level style.
```
